so closing thoughts i really hope you've
enjoyed this course i hope the
interaction we've had with no slides but
just demoing things and whiteboarding
out has really helped you absorb the
content and make it click and usable
i do have an exam cram on my youtube
channel so i generally recommend people
go and watch that maybe a couple of
hours before the exam which will
reinforce a whole bunch of these
concepts again it's just on my channel
it's linked but it's in my certification
playlist and i have this az900
azure fundamentals i'm actually about to
update it so by the time you watch this
it may be probably longer than this
number and it will be a different
version but i do have that
cram in place and my learned on board to
azure.com i have a link to a whole bunch
of other videos it's like a created set
from my channel that may kind of help
you if there's particular topics you
wanted to get into a bit more detail
actually on
but when you think about taking the exam
don't panic
um take your time
there are no trick questions
they're not trying to trick you up
think logically about well okay what are
they asking what's the most logical way
to actually achieve or answer this
it's often about knowing what is the
right service or the right resource to
use for the az-900 they're not asking
for some complex
architecture at the start the exam take
note of how much time you have how many
questions there are
try and divide it up fairly equally
maybe saving a little bit of extra time
don't get stuck on one question
you can kind of mark it and come back to
it at the end but don't leave unanswered
questions there are no negative points
for getting it wrong if you don't know
the answer eliminate the obviously wrong
ones and then pick the one that just
makes the most sense again azure is
logical
it's named and it's geared towards
making it intuitive for customers so if
you're not sure what would make the most
sense in how to
answer whatever they're asking of you
if you don't pass the first time
take note of where you weakest and just
re-double your efforts on that
particular area but i really just want
to close by thanking you for picking
this class and watching this class
i hope to see you again in your journey
to embrace the cloud please do join my
community over at the youtube channel i
post a massive amount of content there
and there's no adverts or interruptions
it's just about helping you learn
and so
good luck
in all of the taking of the exam and
you're learning and just life in general
and
take care